io/everon/assignment/service/ChargingSessionServiceImpl.java
 io.everon.assignment.service.ChargingSessionServiceImpl
io/everon/assignment/dto/ChargingStatusEnum.java
 io.everon.assignment.dto.ChargingStatusEnum
io/everon/assignment/exception/MvcExceptionHandler.java
 io.everon.assignment.exception.MvcExceptionHandler
io/everon/assignment/repository/SessionsRepositoryImpl.java
 io.everon.assignment.repository.SessionsRepositoryImpl
io/everon/assignment/controller/ChargingSessionController.java
 io.everon.assignment.controller.ChargingSessionController
io/everon/assignment/dto/ErrorResponseDto.java
 io.everon.assignment.dto.ErrorResponseDto
 io.everon.assignment.dto.ErrorResponseDto$ErrorResponseDtoBuilder
io/everon/assignment/datasource/InMemDataSource.java
 io.everon.assignment.datasource.InMemDataSource
 io.everon.assignment.datasource.InMemDataSource$SingletonHolder
io/everon/assignment/dto/ChargingSessionSummaryDto.java
 io.everon.assignment.dto.ChargingSessionSummaryDto
 io.everon.assignment.dto.ChargingSessionSummaryDto$ChargingSessionSummaryDtoBuilder
io/everon/assignment/service/ChargingSessionService.java
 io.everon.assignment.service.ChargingSessionService
io/everon/assignment/dto/package-info.java
 io.everon.assignment.dto.package-info
io/everon/assignment/dto/ChargingSessionSummaryCollector.java
 io.everon.assignment.dto.ChargingSessionSummaryCollector
io/everon/assignment/datasource/package-info.java
 io.everon.assignment.datasource.package-info
io/everon/assignment/repository/package-info.java
 io.everon.assignment.repository.package-info
io/everon/assignment/controller/package-info.java
 io.everon.assignment.controller.package-info
io/everon/assignment/package-info.java
 io.everon.assignment.package-info
io/everon/assignment/repository/SessionsRepository.java
 io.everon.assignment.repository.SessionsRepository
io/everon/assignment/AssignmentApplication.java
 io.everon.assignment.AssignmentApplication
io/everon/assignment/service/package-info.java
 io.everon.assignment.service.package-info
io/everon/assignment/dto/ChargingSessionDto.java
 io.everon.assignment.dto.ChargingSessionDto
 io.everon.assignment.dto.ChargingSessionDto$ChargingSessionDtoBuilder
io/everon/assignment/exception/package-info.java
 io.everon.assignment.exception.package-info
io/everon/assignment/exception/NotFoundException.java
 io.everon.assignment.exception.NotFoundException
